you may not want Google to rank your
site in all countries the other day on
Reddit someone asked I have just added a
new domain property to Google search
console I want to specify the country
where my website should be visible
because it's an e-commerce website how
do I add targeting country and
roblox.txt from my new website question
mark at Google employee named Gary illis
responded with generally there's no need
to specify a geographic targeting in
search console Google can just figure
out from all the other signals such as
different parts of the URL or let's say
even if people are bouncing
and then Gary went on to say you should
look at how other companies like Amazon
do things from an SEO perspective when
it comes to International SEO so why am
I bringing this up it's because
International SEO is huge did you know
that I get over 82 percent of my traffic
to danielpatel.com and NP digital
website from outside of the United
States in other words don't take the
rest of the world for granted because it
can help you generate a lot of Revenue
but here's the issue translating and
transcribing your content for every
language you want to Target whether
you're e-commerce site or b2c site or a
B2B site is a bad idea
you should only target regions where you
want to be helpful here's why
if you expand into other regions just to
get traffic we don't really offer great
products or services or even a great
experience within those regions it's
going to hurt your overall SEO how you
may ask no matter how good your website
is or your marketing is or even your
bounce rate is people are not going to
go back to your site or even click on
your listings if they know your products
and services aren't tailored to them in
other words it's going to hurt your
overall SEO just imagine this someone
goes to your website they click on it
they realize you don't offer stuff
within their region even though they're
looking for products within your region
and then they're going to click the back
button and then if they see your website
listing again they're not going to click
on it that's going to hurt your SEO so
early Focus your website your content
your products your services on the
languages and regions you want to Target
and here are some tips when it comes to
International SEO
first transcribe your content don't just
translate it
when you want to go after new regions
and languages you have to adapt your
content to what people in that region
expect with culture being different all
over the world you'll find that
translating your content word for word
just won't work you'll have to customize
it to each region second you'll have to
use hreflame href Lane tells search
engines and browsers that pages on your
website or physic countries and
languages if you're wondering how to use
the hreflang this tool by Elena Solis
will help you and with this tool it'll
give you the code that you need to put
on your website that code goes into the
head part of your website
third you need to build links within the
region you're targeting you can hire
someone from upwork who knows marketing
and they know your space within that
region they can reach out to your
website build relationships beg for
links it works it's a numbers game but
it really does work or if you want more
scale and you want to grow faster you
can hire agency like mine NP digital
where we are awarded agency of the year
to reach out and build you links
throughout the whole world which we do
for hundreds of clients without
backlinks you won't get much SEO traffic
fourth you need to consider generating
PR PR creates brand queries which is
when someone searches for your company
name on Google or your website name this
helps with your rankings and traffic
just think about Nike did you know over
7 million people in the United States
are searching for Nike each and every
single month on Google
less than 2 million people on a monthly
basis are searching for shoes Nike has a
bigger brand than the term shoes what
does that tell Google Nike's powerful
people recognize them and they should
rank them higher now if you need help
with your International SEO or targeting
specific countries we're trying to
expand your SEO so you can get more
sales quicker in different regions and
languages check out my Ad Agency NP
digital where we help companies like
yours grow